feat: Add express & fastify tunnel examples (#8144)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/index.mdx

});
```

Once configured, all events will be sent to the `/tunnel` endpoint. This solution, however, requires an additional configuration on the server, as the events now need to be parsed and redirected to Sentry.

### Using a Tunneling Server

> Here's an example for your server component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of how to set up an endpoint on your server that tunnels events to Sentry:
```

"Server component" is becoming a bit of an ambiguous term so we should avoid it in the wrong context.

```js {tabTitle:Express}
// Change this to suit your needs
const SENTRY_HOST = "oXXXXXX.ingest.sentry.io";
const SENTRY_KNOWN_PROJECTS = ["123456"];

> app.post("/bugs", async (req, res) => {

Reviewer: h: You cannot have handlers in express be async. This will mess up error handling.

  try {
    const envelope = req.body;

    const piece = envelope.toString().split("\n")[0];
    const header = JSON.parse(piece);

    const dsn = new URL(header.dsn);

>     if (dsn.hostname !== SENTRY_HOST) {

Reviewer: m: I assume we do this so that the endpoint can't be abused. We should add a comment to describe this because strictly speaking `SENTRY_HOST` is not necessary.

Ditto for `SENTRY_KNOWN_PROJECTS`.

Author: hmm, this is based on the existing tunnel examples, where they have set this up in a similar way too 🤔 not sure if it helps to explain this more, or just bloats this up? IMHO we _can_ also just leave this away if we want to keep this as simple as possible, not sure how important this check is.

Reviewer: No hard feelings either way. Let me downgrade this to logaf l. I think it makes sense for users to be aware of abuse potential. We can just leave it as is (without explanation) and add it if we see a lot of people asking about it, which is not gonna happen anyhow.

Removing it would probably be handing people a footgun which I don't particularly like.

Reviewer: Okay nevermind let's keep this for sure!

});
```

> Once configured, all events will be sent to the `/tunnel` endpoint. This solution, however, requires an additional configuration on the server, as the events now need to be parsed and redirected to Sentry.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once configured, all events will be sent to the `/tunnel` endpoint. This will require an additional configuration on the server because the events will need to be parsed and redirected to Sentry.

```

### Using a Tunneling Server

> Here's an example of how to set up an endpoint on your server that tunnels events to Sentry:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example of how to set up an endpoint on your server that will tunnel events to Sentry:
```

```js {tabTitle:Express}
// Change this to suit your needs
const SENTRY_HOST = "oXXXXXX.ingest.sentry.io";
const SENTRY_KNOWN_PROJECTS = ["123456"];

> app.post("/bugs", (req, res) => {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
app.post("/tunnel", (req, res) => {
```

    const header = JSON.parse(piece);

    const dsn = new URL(header.dsn);
    if (dsn.hostname !== SENTRY_HOST) {
      throw new Error(`Invalid Sentry host: ${dsn.hostname}`);
    }

    const projectId = dsn.pathname.substring(1);
    if (!SENTRY_KNOWN_PROJECTS.includes(projectId)) {
      throw new Error(`Invalid Project ID: ${projectId}`);
    }

    const url = `https://${SENTRY_HOST}/api/${projectId}/envelope/`;
    fetch(url, {
      method: "POST",
      body: envelope,
      headers: {
        "Content-Type": "application/x-sentry-envelope",
      },
    }).then(
      () => {
        res.sendStatus(204);
      },
      (error) => {
        res.sendStatus(400).send({ message: error.message });
      }
    );
  } catch (error) {
    res.sendStatus(400).send({ message: error.message });
  }
});
```

```js {tabTitle:Fastify}
// Change this to suit your needs
const SENTRY_HOST = "oXXXXXX.ingest.sentry.io";
const SENTRY_KNOWN_PROJECTS = ["123456"];

// Handle replay packets where no content-type header is available
fastify.addContentTypeParser(
  "*",
  { parseAs: "buffer" },
  function (req, body, done) {
    done(null, body);
  }
);

> fastify.post("/bugs", async (request, reply) => {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
fastify.post("/tunnel", async (request, reply) => {
```
